{
  "creator": "Guillaume Moubeche",
  "platform": "YouTube",
  "title": "The Best (And Cheapest) Customer Acquisition Strategy",
  "url": "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WUw7BtR3I2U",
  "date": "2024-04-26",
  "transcript": "All right, so we're going to start with a new format, and I want to walk you through how to find your first customers when you actually don't have money. There are tons of ways to find new customers. You can do paid ads, influencer marketing, SEO, etc. But the reality is, all those things that we see online usually cost a lot of money.\n\nI started with almost nothing back in the day. I only had a few bucks, and yet I managed to generate more than $57 million in total revenue. If we look at basically the different Stripe accounts, this is for Lemlist, then we have another one here, so that's basically 50 million plus 4, that's 54, plus let's say 3, that's like 57. That doesn't even go until where we're at today, but anyway, you get the idea.\n\nSo how do you go from not having a lot of money to actually generating a lot of revenue? I also did the same with Lemwarm, which is a company I sold after growing it to $600,000 in revenue. As I mentioned, I acquired several businesses for multi-million-dollar deals. It's a cool story actually, from Thibault, who wrote about the whole story, because back then Thibault and I, as you can see on this photo, were in the same school. So I acquired his company and turned him into a multimillionaire, which I think is a pretty cool story.\n\nIn any case, don't stress about taking notes or anything, because I will share with you the doc that I'm currently going through. There's going to be a lot of templates that you can steal, a lot of frameworks that you can use, and you'll get the Notion, so really no stress.\n\nIn 2021, I sold 20% of the business to Expedition Growth Capital, a really cool fund. They focus on bootstrap founders. They're really hands-off. They help you whenever you need to, but otherwise they let you run your company. I took like $30 million in secondary. Secondary is basically money that goes directly to you as founder and not to your company, which was pretty cool.\n\nNow my mission is kind of to give back and try to help as many people as possible. In this format, I want to be super practical with the Loom video, but I just had a little bit of an intro.\n\nSo what exactly do I want to show you in this video? I want to show you exactly how you can acquire customers with no money: practical advice and templates. And as I said, no need to take screenshots or anything. I'll just post the link to this Notion file in the comments.\n\nContrary to popular belief, you don't need to spend thousands of dollars on marketing to let people know about the existence of your product or service. There are tons of examples out there. We have people on Instagram, TikTok, LinkedIn, etc. who you did not know about five months ago and who became superstars just because of one video. In today's world, you can create your own media without having to spend millions. We have people in their bedrooms who are making more views than paid media or even some national TV. That's the beauty of the internet.\n\nBut essentially, all you need to understand when it comes to customer acquisition is three things: who to target, when to do it, and how to get meetings booked. No matter what you're selling, if it's in B2B, this is for you. My full focus is in B2B, so if you're in B2C, this video will not be relevant to you. But if you're in B2B, this is going to be exactly what you need to do to generate a lot of money.\n\nThere are three types of potential customers. The first one is what I call hot leads. It's people who are already highly interested in your product or service, and I will show you exactly how to find them. The second one is community leads. I'll come back to this, but essentially it's people where we try to find connection points to have a higher closing rate. And finally, cold leads. In this video, we're going to go through all three steps so you can manage to get your customers without having to spend a single dollar.\n\nFirst things first: hot leads. You might be wondering, what is he talking about? We're just launching our business. How do we have hot leads? Well, I actually made a video called How to Build a Product Everyone Wants, and in this video I basically share with you how to find people to interview before you actually launch a product or a service.\n\nTo sum it up, because you can watch the video, the idea is you have reached out to some people who are in your target customer group. You have spent a lot of time asking them about the problem that you want to solve, and eventually, because now you are building the solution to it, you want to reach out to them again and offer your solution or service. Because you already have their information, these are what I call hot leads.\n\nTo give you an example from day-to-day life, imagine if you go to the doctor and instead of asking you about your symptoms, they directly say, you know what, I'm going to prescribe you XYZ before you have even talked. Would you trust them? I don't think so. So right now the goal of the interview step, which I shared in the video, is essentially to build that trust. So whenever you come back with a solution, you already have that trust established, and it's super easy for people to go and work with you.\n\nNow you're probably wondering what kind of message to send, and this is where I got you. So here it's like: hey first name, thanks a lot for the interview. It really helped me understand topic better. I've been brainstorming a few ideas to help you get desired outcome, and here's what I propose: step one, step two, step three. In time, we should be able to get you results. What do you think? Worth a try?\n\nNow you're probably wondering what all of these things are. These are called variables. Variables will be something that you have to replace depending on what you're doing. Obviously, you'll be able to copy-paste everything. Then I'll show you how you can do this campaign in Lemlist.\n\nWhenever you've contacted people, you have LinkedIn, email, number. Obviously you don't want to send all the messages one by one. You can do it, but in my opinion it's kind of a waste of time because you're going to send the same message to all the people you've interviewed, and sometimes it's 50, sometimes 70, etc. So doing it manually would take a lot of time.\n\nWhat you can do here, and we're just going to see the sequence in Lemlist, is use variables that are going to be replaced automatically. Again, you'll have the link. You'll be able to just duplicate the campaign. As you can see, in your account in Lemlist you can start with a free trial for 14 days, so you don't even have to be a paid customer to use this. Just create an account, start it, and start sending. That will allow you to save tons of time.\n\nSo for me it would be like: hey G, thanks a lot for today. It really helped me understand the topic better. So when I launched Lempire or Calendly-like tools, for example, the issue I wanted to solve was the no-show rate. A no-show rate is when someone books a meeting with you and you're a sales rep or a founder, you want to close deals, you've prepared everything, you're waiting for them, and eventually they just don't show up. They don't show up because they don't remember who you are, they don't care about you, etc.\n\nSo what I wanted to understand is whether or not no-shows are important for you. Then I've been brainstorming a few ideas to help you get fewer no-shows, and here's what I propose: step one, step two, step three. In time, we should be able to get results. So let's say in the first five weeks you should be able to see a reduction in no-shows. What do you think? Worth a try? Let me know.\n\nThat's very straightforward, but since you already had a chat with them, they know they have the problem, they have told you they had the problem, and you're bringing a solution. It's exactly the same as if I'm in the desert, I'm walking, I'm super thirsty, my pain is I don't want to get dehydrated and die, and then you call me and say, hey, I'm thinking about bringing water to deserts. Then I'll be like, oh yeah, that would be dope, because I might die. This is a pressing problem. Then eventually I keep walking, I keep having that pain, and then you reach out to me again and say, hey G, we finally have the water going to the desert. Is that something you'd be okay to test and drink? And I'll be like, yeah, of course. Thank you for saving my life.\n\nSo this is the kind of thing that you need to keep in mind. Sales is about helping people solve a problem. So if someone told you about a problem they have, and you create a solution, it's your duty to reach out to them and help them.\n\nThe second category are called community leads. Why do I call them community? Because there are tons of people who are a great fit for your product or service, and usually they are part of what we call ICP, so ideal customer profile. Sometimes you will hear the word persona, but essentially it means a category of people who have the same traits. Do they have the same job? Do they work in the same industry? Etc.\n\nFor example: head of marketing of companies that have raised more than 20 million in the tech space, etc. To find these people, you need to infiltrate communities and start creating a relationship, because once you're in the same community as people, it's a lot easier to connect with them.\n\nLet's say you go to your nearest coffee shop and every single day you see that entrepreneur working at their desk, and you're also an entrepreneur. At some point you're going to say hey, and then maybe the next day it's like, hey, what are you working on? And then you're going to have a chat. Just because you share the same space, you're going to have something in common, and then the conversation and the trust are a lot easier to build than with just a random person reaching out.\n\nLet's take an example. Imagine that you're offering copywriting services for SaaS founders. By the way, if you are just launching your business and you don't know exactly who your ideal customer profile is, go watch the video How to Choose the Right Niche. Whenever you get started, you need to be in a niche. If you look at Facebook, Airbnb, etc., they were focusing on a niche even though later on they became mass market.\n\nFacebook, I think, was just a social network for Harvard students back in the day. It was very simple, very narrow. Then they expanded it to other universities, and later on they became massive. But the reason why you need a niche is because you need to focus.\n\nWhenever we feel that a service is targeted to ourselves and our needs, we are much more likely to purchase it. That's why niches are so powerful. First, they force you to focus, which is one of the key reasons why startups fail. And second, they allow you to create the best product ever for a specific target.\n\nNow let's say that you have your niche. Let's say that you're targeting copywriting services for SaaS founders. Now let's go on Facebook. If I type SaaS founders or even just SaaS, I can see tons of different communities that I could join with lots of SaaS founders. You don't have to go only on Facebook groups. You can search Reddit, Slack communities, all of it. Join them all, because your target audience is in there. You want to understand how they speak, who they are, etc., and also build familiarity so people start seeing you.\n\nNow you're probably wondering, okay, what exactly am I going to do? So I'm going to give you a little story. When I started my agency in 2017, no one knew who I was. What I started to do was offer people in communities to work for free, so I could do two things: one, I had no skills literally, so I wanted to test my offer and also see what kind of results I could get for customers. I didn't know if it would work for others. And at the same time, I thought I had to get started somewhere, so let's learn new skills.\n\nThey're not paying me, which means technically I can test, I can learn, and it removes a lot of pressure. Maybe if you're really good at sales and really confident, you can close deals and make a lot of money from the start, but in my opinion that was not the case for me. I wasn't confident in my skills, and I wasn't confident if I could get really good results. So at first I was like, okay, I'm going to work for free for a month with a selected group of founders, and eventually if I give them good enough results, they'll be willing to pay.\n\nSo what kind of message did I write? Very simple. For the example we mentioned, copywriting services for SaaS founders: hey there, I'm G and I'm currently working on leveling up my copywriting skills to help founders grow on LinkedIn, build a network, and find new customers. I'd love to help a few founders entirely for free to start having success stories. If you're interested in receiving a fully developed content strategy for you or having me write some posts for you, comment below. P.S. I will only be able to do it for a few people, so there will be a bit of a selection process. Cheers.\n\nLet's break down this post. One, you're being straightforward about what you do. People don't really have time. Be straightforward. Be straight to the point. Then you explain what's in it for them. You want to help them get customers, grow their network, and for free, so the risk associated is extremely low.\n\nNow when people offer things for free, you always wonder what's the catch. The first thing is I've been straightforward: I want to have success stories. Just by knowing that, people might say okay, that might be interesting. Then what's in it for them? You offer exactly the service that you would want to sell if you were in that situation.\n\nFinally, I'm doing two things. One, I ask people to comment if they're interested. Whenever you join communities, what you can do is ask a few friends to join you and basically, when you post something like this, ask them to like the post and comment. That way it will already have a bit of social proof. Once people start seeing comments, they're going to say, okay, some people are already trusting that person, so I'm willing to trust them too.\n\nThen in the P.S., we're adding a bit of scarcity. Scarcity is basically making something rare, and the way to do it is to simply say there are only a few spots available, because when something is scarce, everyone wants it.\n\nOnce you start having results, the simple thing to do is jump on a Zoom call with them and ask them the following questions: can you describe the problem you were facing before you started working with me? Can you detail the frustration you were experiencing? Can you describe the moment you understood that my service was a solution to the problem you were facing? And what does your day-to-day look like now?\n\nThe idea is simple: ask the questions, record this in a Zoom, and use that as a testimonial.\n\nNext, you need to get paid, because so far you've worked for free. Obviously, if you've applied the first technique, you have the hottest leads who have converted. But now you want to convert the community leads. The first thing I would do is go to the people who had results. I think it's super easy to close them because you just say: hey, thanks for working with me. It's been a month. You've had 20 leads, which generated 10K, 20K, or 40K of revenue. My service is 2K per month. Are you up to continue? Usually people are going to say yes, please continue.\n\nNow what you want to do is go back to the community and continue to build in public. So: hey everyone, last time I messaged this group offering my service for free as part of leveling up my copywriting skills. I wanted to thank you for the engagement. The results were great, and I was able to generate more than XXX dollars in revenue for my clients with inbound leads that came thanks to my content. Now comes the next step, which is finding paid clients. If you're a founder interested in LinkedIn and leveraging it, let me know.\n\nHere you're adding more social proof, and at the same time you also make it about them because you're thanking them for their support. You're making your journey a common effort, you show gratitude, and at the same time you're attracting more clients.\n\nAnother way to do this, because we talk a lot about Reddit, Slack, Facebook communities, is to go on LinkedIn and find common points. This is another type of community. It's not a community per se, but people with a huge following also have a community. Their community is their following.\n\nSo here, for example, someone wrote a post about building a personal brand and it has maybe 2,000 interactions. You could go there, scrape all the comments, look at all the people who have commented, and then send them the message: hey first name, I saw that you commented on the post by creator name, that you agree that a strong personal brand is important, but I've noticed you don't post often. Can I help you create a content strategy?\n\nThese people have obviously shown an interest in building a personal brand, but a lot of people show an interest and never take action. This is where B2B services or software that do automation can be of huge help. Right there, you have a pool of 2,000 potential customers.\n\nThen what you do is build a campaign around that. First step is to start inviting people. Then start sending a message. If they don't reply, you can do a profile visit, which triggers a notification. Then you can send a follow-up on LinkedIn. The goal is essentially to start adding more value and provide more social proof as you are following up. Finally, the last step is a voice message.\n\nA voice message makes people feel a lot closer to you than just a random message, because a voice message is usually something you'd record on your phone. The idea is just to be laid-back and human: hey, just following up on the message I sent. I hope everything's fine. I thought you might need help with LinkedIn, so I just wanted to reach out again. But if that's not the case, no stress, that'll be the last time I reach out. In any case, keep rocking.\n\nThat's basically how I would go with what I call the cold leads. As I mentioned, what you want to do is find a common point, and the common point is usually something about content.\n\nFor example, if I wrote a post where I go through everything I've done with a company, and there are 1,200 people who interacted with it, those people can be potential customers because they are interested in the topic. So what I did is I went back, did the exact same process, and then I sent them a campaign.\n\nWhat I sent them was very simple: thanks for the support on my post. Recently I was talking with the head of marketing at Zendesk, who has implemented the hybrid funnel approach to skyrocket their outbound. So far they saw a 40% increase in reply rate. Do you want me to share how? Here are my availabilities, but feel free to send times if you prefer.\n\nBasically there, they just have to click and book a meeting with me. The replies I got were very positive. I booked so many meetings with this one that I had to stop the campaign because right now I'm less focused on self-prospecting.\n\nI also wanted to show you how you can do it in a more creative niche example. All along the video I was focused on a B2B service, which was copywriting on LinkedIn. So I thought about sharing something creative for this very specific niche.\n\nWhat you could do is take a big content creator on Twitter and look at their followers. Typically, someone like Justin Welsh is very well known as a top LinkedIn creator. All his followers are really into copywriting and LinkedIn because that's his main topic. Then you could find someone in their followers who has a good following on Twitter but not a great one on LinkedIn.\n\nFor example, someone might have 24,000 followers on Twitter and only 5,000 on LinkedIn. They write content, but they don't really leverage LinkedIn. Knowing that they're a coach and selling a program, I think definitely investing in LinkedIn would be great for them, but they probably don't have time. So if you reach out to them specifically with this, I'm sure they'll accept.\n\nHere's a typical message that I would send: hey, I've noticed you only focus on Twitter. Meanwhile, LinkedIn can help you double your reach and bring more revenue for your business. I have grown from 0 to 70K followers in 6 months, which brought me an additional $350,000, and would love to help you do the same. Would you be up for a 15-minute chat?\n\nObviously, if you don't have that many followers, just replace it with another proof point, like helped customer ABC do XYZ. The idea here is essentially just to add more social proof.\n\nYou're probably wondering why reach out to her on LinkedIn when she has fewer followers there than on Twitter. Well, that's exactly the reason why. Obviously she's less active on LinkedIn, but if she's less active on LinkedIn, this also means fewer people are reaching out to her there. So eventually her LinkedIn inbox is less cluttered and less crowded, which gives you a much higher reply rate.\n\nIf you're wondering how to do sales prospecting on cold leads, you can go to our template hub. Obviously you'll have all the links in the Notion doc. I'll put this Notion doc in the description of this video. This will be part of the whole series where I show you how to grow a business with no money so you can generate millions exactly in the way I've done it.\n\nI hope you enjoy this new format. There will be a few more videos like this where I really dive deep and show you how to do it and share maximum templates with you guys, plus the whole script of the video. I hope you enjoyed it. Have an awesome day. Peace, love, and profit."
}
